just for the record there's not one
person in this group that I would chose
him for this type of mission they are
all too reckless government has killed
hundreds of families many more will die
if something is not done what do you
know about what's happening in Ethiopia
it's another bloody genocide nobody
gives a because it's an effort well
your Prime Minister decided to give us
you the red sea diving resort it's a
hotel we can use to smuggle the refugees
through Sudan to Israel let's be very
clear
if this goes wrong
you'll be hanging from cranes
BC best cover we could ask for
face is on the way home
yes still hundreds crossing the border
every week we are watching you
yes myths are calculated tender box the
machine is an order for us I promise
this is that a bit simple this is my
life
executing dissidents its revolution we
must leave now we're dying you're sick
you're starving
the roadblock full speed ahead you are
crazy you're a lucky guy
but when the luck runs out we gotta have
a plan and you never have
we need no one behind
[Music]
oh just refugees aren't me
you